=pod

=head1 Name

Genome::Command::Crud

=head1 Synopsis

Automatic generation of CRUD (create, list (read), update and delete) commands for a UR objects.

=head1 Usage

To generate these commands, they need to be initialized from a command. They can be intialized from a higher up command, too. It is not necessary to have the main tree class defined, that will be done automatically. Each command has a separate config that can be passed in. If no config is passed in the all sub commands will be created and default naming will be used. 

 package Genome::Library::Command

 use Genome::Command::Crud;
 Genome::Command::Crud->init_sub_commands(
    target_class => 'Person',
    target_name => 'person',
    target_name_pl => 'people',
    update => { only_if_null => 1, include_only => [qw/ name age /], },
    delete => { do_not_init => 1, },
 );

 1;

=head1 Config

=head2 

=over 2

=item *
B<target_class> (required): The class of the objects to create CRUD commands.

=item *
B<target_name> (optional): The space separated name of the objects. Default is to convert the class name. Target class 'My::Thing' would be 'my thing'.

=item *
B<target_name_pl> (optional): The plural name of the objects. Default is to pluralize the target name convert the class name. Tagert name 'my thing' would be 'my things.'

=back

=head2 Sub Command Universal

=over 2

=item *
B<do_not_init>: Do not initialize the command.

=back

=head2 Update

=over 2

=item *
B<only_if_null> (optional): Only allow updating of a property if it is null.

=item *
B<include_only> (optional): Only include these properties.

=back

